README.md, before:

# CDPLogger Client for JavaScript

A simple JavaScript interface for communicating with CDP applications that include a CDPLogger component to retrieve historic data. 
For more information about CDP Studio see https://cdpstudio.com/.

## Installation

Clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```


## Running Tests

To run the automatic tests with fake data, execute:

```bash
npm test
```

To test the time sync functionality using simulated response:

```bash
node test/testTimeSync.js
```


## Usage

The value.js file contains a simple logger built for the CDP Studio example case.

1. Set up and run the Logger in CDP Studio.
(Refer to Help → Framework - Data Logging → How to Setup Logging in Automation System)
https://cdpstudio.com/manual/cdp/cdplogger/cdplogger-configuration-example.html

2. Run the value.js file from the command line:

```bash
node examples/value.js
```

For usage related to events run:

```bash
node examples/event.js
```


## Contact

Email: support@cdptech.com

Commit message:

Created a markdown file for docs and a quick start guide

README.md, after:

# CDPLogger Client for JavaScript

A simple JavaScript interface for communicating with CDP applications that include a CDPLogger component to retrieve historic data. 
- For documentation on the JS logger see [DOCUMENTATION.md](DOCUMENTATION.md).
- For a quickstart guide on how to set-up the npm project for either Node or Web see [QUICKSTART.md](QUICKSTART.md)
- For more information about CDP Studio see https://cdpstudio.com/.

## Installation

Clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```


## Running Tests

To run the automatic tests with fake data, execute:

```bash
npm test
```

Note: these jest tests execute on every push and pull of the repo as well.

To test the time sync functionality using simulated response:

```bash
node test/testTimeSync.js
```


## Usage

The value.js file contains a simple logger built for the CDP Studio example case.

1. Set up and run the Logger in CDP Studio.
(Refer to Help → Framework - Data Logging → How to Setup Logging in Automation System)
https://cdpstudio.com/manual/cdp/cdplogger/cdplogger-configuration-example.html

2. Run the value.js file from the command line:

```bash
node examples/value.js
```

For usage related to events run:

```bash
node examples/event.js
```


## Contact

Email: support@cdptech.com
